Boy I don't mean anything else
I have something to do first
I believe we will meet
Are you crazy?
Hands on adults hands on adults
Brother Ru, help me check someone
I want all his information
Wife Now
Wife Ruoxi
Ruoxi is not our child
What did you call me?
Mr. Chu Chu, let me tell you
If it weren't for grandpa saying that you were a real dragon life
Brother asked me to share your bed and have a baby
If these girls weren't for Mengmeng
I would have kicked you out long ago
Say what you just did
What else can I do?
I'm protecting Mengmeng, protecting Mengmeng
Do you know who you drove away just now?
What those people say I mean I don't know
I know Mengmeng is our child
Even if I'm just a small security guard
I want to protect him too
What else do you do besides this?
You are a waste in my eyes
How dare you talk back?
Can you afford the loss I suffered?
Waste, waste, am I so unbearable in your eyes?
You have to argue with me in front of the children
If our family hadn't saved you, you would have died long ago
You live like a dog
Joke, Mom and Dad, don't quarrel, okay?
I was scared.
What are you doing like your trash?
You want to hit me?
The wings are hard, you come and go, call here, stop